# CS340

#How do you write programs that are maintainable, readable, and adaptable? Especially consider your work on the CRUD Python module from Project One, which you used to connect the dashboard widgets to the database in Project Two. What were the advantages of working in this way? How else could you use this CRUD Python module in the future?
#Throughout my learning at SNHU, we have learned the principles of making modular and reusable code, using standard coding conventions, and ensuring that you are commenting throughout, so that others (and yourself) can later decipher what the code is doing or should do. Building from one project to the next is especially helpful. It teaches us to code in through agile principles. We are focused on making or fixing one part of the program and then working on the next. The CRUD module could be used as a basis for other projects later. 

#How do you approach a problem as a computer scientist? Consider how you approached the database or dashboard requirements that Grazioso Salvare requested. How did your approach to this project differ from previous assignments in other courses? What techniques or strategies would you use in the future to create databases to meet other client requests?
#Problems arrise as a computer scientist. Luckily, the CS community is very helpful. Many issues have been encountered before and there are many helpful people on the internet that are able to walk you through it. This course had a few issues that I had not encountered before because of using Jupyter. This program was sensitive to improper indentations. I completely understand why this can be an issue, especially when following how code should work, but I probably encountered 10 different times when I misplaced the indentaiton and had to go correct it. Being more careful was something that I had to be even more mindful of in this project. 

#What do computer scientists do, and why does it matter? How would your work on this type of project help a company, like Grazioso Salvare, to do their work better?
#Computer scientists do many things but in the lens of this class, they help make work easier. In this project we not only helped a hypothetical organization do their work, but we helped dogs in animal shelters get a new lease on life. While we are working on a program, we might think that this is just more work or coding, it can make a real impact on the world around us. 
